Document effect of clearing a task instance on task state store (#71356)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/core-concepts/resumable-tasks.rst

For more details and a working example, see :class:`~airflow.sdk.ResumableJobMixin`.

**Clearing a task is treated the same as a retry**

Clearing a task instance does not delete its ``task_state_store`` rows -- they are only removed
when the ``dag_run`` itself is deleted, or by :ref:`airflow state-store clean
<task-and-asset-state-store-cleanup>`. For a checkpointed task this is usually what you want:
clearing resumes from the last checkpoint rather than starting over.

> For a :class:`~airflow.sdk.ResumableJobMixin` operator, it means clearing a task whose external job

Reviewer: ResumableJobMixin itself is not an operator. This description is confusing to me

Author: Would it be better if I said "operator that supports durable execution?

Reviewer: way better. probably can do it this way? `operator that supports durable execution (i.e., inherits airflow.sdk.ResumableJobMixin)`

Author: Sure works for me.

> For an operator that supports durable execution (ie: inherits :class:`~airflow.sdk.ResumableJobMixin`), it means 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an operator that supports durable execution (i.e., inherits :class:`~airflow.sdk.ResumableJobMixin`), it means 
```
